DOCS Rewrite server requirements and install docs (#9212)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/00_Getting_Started/00_Server_Requirements.md

to access a web-based GUI to do their day-to-day work. Website designers and developers require access to the files on
the server to update templates, website logic, and perform upgrades or maintenance.

## PHP

 * PHP >=7.1
 * PHP extensions: `ctype`, `dom`, `fileinfo`, `hash`, `intl`, `mbstring`, `session`, `simplexml`, `tokenizer`, `xml`

>  * PHP configuration: `memory_limit` with at least `48M`

Reviewer: What is this minimum based on? I recall a time where I needed to bump the memory_limit to `256MB` to run a dev/build on a vanilla install, but maybe the memory footprint has improved (particularly in PHP 7.x)?

Author: It's what was mentioned as a minimum before in one place, and another place in the same doc said "64M to 512M". In the end, I don't care, it's just taking what's already there. I've seen 4.x requests with ~15M of memory usage, so I think 48M is a safe baseline to communicate.

By default, these files are located in `public/.htaccess` and `public/assets/.htaccess`.

### HTTP Headers

SilverStripe can add HTTP headers to reponses it handles directly.
These headers are often sensitive, for example preventing HTTP caching for responses
displaying data based on user sessions, or when serving protected assets.
You need to ensure those headers are kept in place in your webserver.
For example, Apache allows this through `Header setifempty` (see [docs](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/current/mod/mod_headers.html#header)).
See [Developer Guide: Performance](/developer_guides/performance/)
and [Developer Guides: File Security](/developer_guides/files/file_security) for more details.

### Symlinks

SilverStripe is a modular system, with modules installed and updated
via the `composer` PHP dependency manager. These are usually stored in `vendor/`,
outside of the `public/` webroot. Since many modules rely on serving frontend assets
such as CSS files or images, these are pulled over to the `public/` folder automatically.
If the filesystem supports it, this is achieved through symlinks.
Depending on your hosting and deployment mechanisms,

> you might want to enforce copying files instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you may need to configure the plugin to copy files instead.
```

Serving through webservers other than Apache requires more manual configuration,
since the defaults configured through `.htaccess` don't apply.
Please apply the considerations above to your webserver to ensure a secure hosting environment.
In particular, configure protected assets correctly to avoid exposing draft or protected files uploaded through the CMS. 

There are various community supported installation instructions for different environments.
Nginx is a popular choice, see [Nginx webserver configuration](https://forum.silverstripe.org/t/nginx-webserver-configuration/2246).

SilverStripe is known to work with Microsoft IIS, and generates `web.config` files by default
(see [Microsoft IIS and SQL Server configuration](https://forum.silverstripe.org/t/microsoft-iis-webserver-and-sql-server-support/2245)).

Additionally, there are community supported guides for installing SilverStripe
on various environments:

 * [Hosting via Bitnami](https://bitnami.com/stack/silverstripe/virtual-machine): In the cloud or as a locally hosted virtual machine
 * [Vagrant/Virtualbox with CentOS](https://forum.silverstripe.org/t/installing-via-vagrant-virtualbox-with-centos/2248)

>  * [Mac OSX with Homebrew](https://forum.silverstripe.org/t/installing-on-osx-with-homebrew/2247)

Author: Haha, I thought I was using outdated spelling (after 17 years of using Macs).

| 4.5+ (unreleased)    | 7.1+        | [blog post](https://www.silverstripe.org/blog/our-plan-for-ending-php-5-6-support-in-silverstripe-4/) |

## CMS browser requirements

SilverStripe CMS supports the following web browsers:
* Google Chrome
* Internet Explorer 11
* Microsoft Edge 
* Mozilla Firefox
 

> We aim to provide satisfactory experiences in Apple Safari. SilverStripe CMS works well across Windows, Linux, and Mac operating systems.

Author: Hmm I think that's worth discussing, but in a separate issue - out of scope for this PR
